don't be selfish with your marketing hey
i'm sam dunning co-owner over at
webchoiceuk.com and host of the top 100
marketing podcast business growth show
this is a special episode shooting it
whilst away in crete in greece
and it's going to be a short and snappy
one talking about
exactly why you need to kind of get out
of your own head when it comes to your
marketing so a quick example
is
when it comes to websites when it comes
to design marketing messaging ad copy
many of us and i've been guilty of this
in the past design it for what we think
looks good what we think sounds good or
you think is going to work when really
it's very very rare that we're actually
our ideal client our ideal customer we
need to design build craft whether
that's messaging our websites our ad
copy whatever for idle clients to
attract more of the same
so
if i'll give you a quick example i mean
i've i've worked with prospects in the
past or customers in the past where
they're so keen to design on what they
think is going to look good for their
website
that when they actually bring it to
market when they start driving traffic
to the site it fails to convert visitors
into sales leads
because they've crafted it around what
they personally think looks good they've
designed it for their ego to strike
their ego instead of idle customers and
in the long run it's failed so
a quick way to
get your design right get your marketing
messaging right make sure you're
actually appealing to idle clients is to
speak to your customers
so if you've got a sales force speak to
them if you're directly dealing with
prospects customers every day great
you've got this intel
so
quick few ways to do this is
understanding the problem common
problems that prospects come to you with
i.e what they actually want to get
solved
so if you're for example selling a crm
system perhaps people are tired perhaps
they're frustrated perhaps they often
say look we're tired because we have to
keep manually entering all our sales
phone calls or like email data
and and drag it all the way into our crm
it takes us minutes takes us an hour
every day that's five hours a week we're
wasting our selling time so that's that
could be your problem that could be are
you frustrated that you're spending five
hours a week in putting data into your
crm do it in one click of a button and
focus on driving sales not tiring out
your sales team that could be for your
ad messaging that could be for your
website messaging um in terms of design
style things so if we look at a website
like i say a lot of businesses make the
mistake of designing websites for what
they personally think is going to look
good rather than our ideal client so
talk to your current best customers the
ones that drive revenue the ones that
you actually enjoy working with and you
want more
of
and ask them so look
when looking for vendors in our sector
what's important to you
if you've got a website already ask them
look
what do you like about our current
website and what do you dislike what
areas could we improve
and what would you like to see on there
that's not on there now and do this for
kind of five up to ten customers note
down all the feedback they say around
what they like what they dislike what
they want to improve what they'd like to
see that's not there now what they look
out for in other vendor
sites make a list of these common things
and likewise you can do this when you're
messaging your copy
whilst you're asking these questions as
well another golden nugget is the words
that they use to describe your product
or service you can actually use rather
than technical jargon so if especially
if you're in the i.t or tech space a lot
of businesses make the mistake of
kind of using ins what we call insider
jargon
whereas really we want to use the words
that customers
talk about to describe the problems they
so we solve or how we make their life
better um so this is just a very short
insight into how you can improve your
messaging and gear it towards the people
we actually want to generate sales with
which is our ideal prospects rather than
being inside our own heads and stroking
our ego hope that helps and with that i
shall catch you on the next one